[Music]
What do we do?  Do we see the funa to the uncle south?
Come on, it's really quite outrageous that this
character would start saying anything to Uncle
Shur because he likes tits.  Well,
well, welcome once again to this
channel.  Well, well, welcome once
again to this channel, your
trusted source of information.  Today we This
is Serene, she has risen.  Do you remember
the girl Delox said had
died?  It's time to talk about Shur, his brother
Joaquín, the lukewarm one or as I like to
call him, the flirt.
They've resurrected this Uncle Shur thing, huh?
Because when I had a fight with him
I took these tweets from him, right?  I mean, it's
like the other day Messi Verga, I think he
posted some screenshots of
me with him or something like that, right?  And I was
talking to Messiverga about a live broadcast I
did about Uncle Shur when we were fighting in the
south, we smoked you.  Okay, okay, okay,
okay.  Well, both, both
.  And then they went to that live stream
to take these screenshots from what I'm
seeing.  I mean, this is what I know is that
when I had a fight with Uncle Sh, I
criticized him for these ugly tweets.   I
mean, seeing that we're talking about this,
well, yes, my direct one is capable, I mean,
when was my fight with Uncle Shur?  I
've had a couple of fights with Uncle Shur
, haven't I?  Hey, she's capable and she had
younow in square because Mexi
likes girls' ones, not adults' ones, face of a
cat crying with laughter.  It's got balls,
kiss, Senda.  It's got balls, right?  I
mean, these twe could easily be from 2016
.  So, of course, how
ugly.  Sure, yes, so ugly that you throw at
a person what he said 10
years ago.  My motivations are completely
impure, I admit, and are
partly related to certain comments
Uncle Shur has made about this humble,
devoted servant and defender of the truth.
To me, Serena exposes this, it doesn't give me a
bad feeling,
brothers.  I don't know.  I don't believe in heroes,
man.  Well, superheroes.  I don't know.  It's
delicious.  Yes, it's good.  I don't know, I don't care
if it's good or not.  No, no, I don't
know.
Spaniards.  Serene has died.
I actually love to see the world and since I do
n't.  But
I told Uncle Shur that Serena is dead, he told me that
phrase that was for the clown Delox.
Uncle Shur didn't even know where
the sentence fit in the rewind.  Our
favorite hair sniffing.  He hasn't caused any trouble for a few days
and personally
I don't give a damn about the Frank issue.  I've decided to
go after all those who
stand between Nauter and me.  Today he travels
inviting Serene Pone to the chat and
then the [ __ ].  What are you going to say
when you do Serene?  Huón, if his mother doesn't speak his
triple [ __ ], invite
Selene to the gathering and the bastard will surely
not
say anything about anything Selene talks about because they are not topics that
concern the mother who would do it.  Look,
I wouldn't invite him, Serene. The truth is, there's
nothing I want him to
tell me, but I don't know. In the end, we're a
team. It's not just me.  For me, Serene,
the chat is unnecessary.  So, I'm here
from beyond the grave to review the
story of our charming Uncle Shur, just
another YouTuber who tried to make a
name for himself in this jungle that is YouTube,
just like everyone else.  The difference is that this
little hole was carved out through interviews
in this jungle that is YouTube with our
charming uncle Shur, another YouTuber who
tried to become someone I would like to
interview.  Look, 2016, I was just
telling you, if I think I fought
with the South it would be in 2017-18 because I
was defending Dallas and he's not lying because
I was against Dallas, right?  I
was friends with the other one and he and Uncle Shur
got really pambi, right?  And I used to
pick on Uncle Shur for being a pambicito, I do
n't know what.  And then the two of us did a
live show, making passes, which is
uploaded here at the salsería,
that live show is for sure.  They both did things that
happen here on the internet, but hey, in 2016,
the twist was in the era called
Marl.  Yes, I would say that's the way it is.  a little
hole in this jungle that is YouTube
like everyone else.  The difference is that this
little hole was carved out through interviews.
Silent.  Javi Oliveira bullies
Turboplan.  Dallas does grooming.  New
Dallas scam.  Chat, there's no
news today because nothing happened.  What a
video.  Fortune tellers and a moral compass
that turns with the flow of visitors.  As
is tradition on this channel, I like to
review the beginnings of each
character and Uncle Shur should be no
exception.  Sur was not always this
seemingly sensible commentator, nor did he
enjoy the success he claims to have.  The
truth is that Uncle Sur started his
YouTube career by stealing.  This is what
he himself tells us in a
long-forgotten interview where he mentions that he
stole the name from his friend.  Why his
brother?  Because my friend was there, he
says to me, man, I'm going to use your name and
your brother's.  So when my friend
turned around and was able to do
computer stuff, I, just to be funny, stole his
name.  And I stole his name, started
uploading gameplay.  However, his
brother, but I wanted that it was
for the car forum.
Those on the car forum are not called your brothers.  This wasn't the only thing he
stole, but we'll talk about that
later.  The guy, however, this
wasn't the only Twitter bot he stole, ideas,
news, content, or discussion
, but we'll discuss that
later.  Uncle Shur has had a
very varied career on that channel
that today only features interviews
as well.  The news has exploded,
huh?  The news, man.  I'm
very glad that Uncle Shurre is doing well.  Let's see how they
continue.  Look, right now the
topics aren't that great either, are they?  Let's see,
they've gone down a little, but oh well.  But it
's very good, isn't it?  90,000, 80,000.
Look, the songs aren't exactly that
much fun either, are they?  Yes. Let's see,
the topics aren't that great either, they've
gone down a bit.  Well, they've gone down, but
the songs aren't very
full either, are they?  There was everything from
love advice,
video action content, and the occasional top hit,
not to mention his attempt to make it in
the gaming world.  Hello, very good to all my
friends, how are you?  I hope you're
all doing great, and today we're back
on GT to discuss a before and after.   It
wasn't until he decided to focus on
the Salseo controversies that his channel
began to take off, although it wasn't until he
commented on the famous scene of Dallas
trying to steal my dog's dog that his channel
began to take off, although it wasn't until he
commented on the famous scene of Dallas
trying to steal my dog's dog
from Uncle Shur. He won trying to steal
my dog's dog.  Damn, Uncle Shur
farmed here, but tremendous.  That bastard
Dallas even got angry because Uncle Shur
posted the reactions, you see he watched
all the videos and uploaded them with a
thumbnail frame, but it's
completely legitimate really, huh?  What
happens is that Uncle Sur is very
cordial, he doesn't want to argue, you
know?  But a creator comes to me and
says, "Hey, stop it, don't put those
thumbnails that look like my real video, you
know? And I'll put the thumbnail that's
going to get me the most views."  Stillness.  There's a
very important point on your channel
where you distanced yourself from people's opinions
, okay?  And that's when you really
started to grow as such on the
platform.  Look, look how he farmed, huh?
Look how the bastard farmed, huh?  Look,
one day you had 4,000, 5,000
subscribers.  Hey, when you were for
Dallas and against me at
Claro, I suddenly got on the computer and
watched the video, the first video I made,
controversial about something, which is the one about someone having something
kidnapped and hitting him and I saw that
video and I said, "It can't be, you know?
with my hand on my head, this
can't be true. I saw it all very very dangerous
and I said, I can't be wrong, I say, I ca
n't be wrong, it can't be that
this man is manipulating, it can't be
and just like that, the video passed by and I saw it and it made
the guy laugh here as if what
Dallas was saying was
manipulation. Thumbnail the thumbnail more than he's ever
done in his life the
thumbnail made a simple version of the
video analyzing, paying for the video
commenting on it with more than 100,000 views
in one day, Uncle Shur positioned himself
favorably on the side of Dallas
agreeing with him regarding the
Argos case, the pambisitos were quick to
arrive, he equaled the views
and the almost avid thirst  morbid to know
all the details regarding the
controversy das Miare In this way he
became an official narrator of the
anime and I don't know, he had 100,000 visits in just
one day and people took me as the narrator
of the Dallas anime or as the impartial one,
something that commented on all the
updates while
at the same time I also commented on some
other controversy.  Later, it began to
include an interview format from
J Pelirrojo, Metgas, among other
small or forgotten but more
relevant channels.  The interviews were short,
with a touch of humor, and worked
decently.  Hello everyone, friends,
welcome to another day of interviews,
and today I'm with a special guest.
Very good, he got some
good interviews, eh, the bastard, eh.  Very good,
Yuki.  This, why didn't you edit it?  But
he got good interviews.  Hey, hey,
Yuki, I know you, eh, for something bad,
I mean, I don't know you for something good.
Let's see, eh, I'll tell you.  Mm, let's see, how can I
explain it to you?  And what is this, messing
with Star Yuki or with Uncle Shur, eh,
rather, eh, I feel reflected in the subject that
she fights, fights to live, I mean,
and this I think that no, you had no
idea,
especially in a time when
YouTubers still did not enjoy the
social acceptance that they enjoy
today.  It is worth noting the fact that she did not
always take it well when someone
backed out of an interview,
as is the case with Windy Girk, who
for a while she was asking for an
interview, but who in the end after
confirming it, she backed out and did not
want to record with him, which produced a
rather drastic change in the attitude
that Shur had with her publicly,
going on to dedicate kind comments
to You are proportionally viral to the
breasts you show or the idiocy of the moment
that you say, all kinds of
brainless jokes.  This was a couple of years
later.  To taste.  Criticism also
played an important role on his channel.   It's worth
noting that it's
curious, to say the least, that the criticism was
especially harsh on women, and it
must be acknowledged that their role in making videos at the time
greatly contributed to increasing the hate against
Miari and her family.  The tasteless jokes
and the trivialization of
these people's testimonies helped reinforce the
image that Dallas was a victim and
that Miate was a jilted ex-crazy woman.
Sweetheart, every time you butt in it's to
throw [ __ ] and play
the victim a little bit, so please,
could you shut up.  I never.  The I never
is a game that every time you say,
I've never done such a thing, I don't know,
eh.  I see that I see, I also want to
play.  I'm never going to play.  Let's
ask questions here and have a
laugh.  Come on, I know how nice it is.   I ca
n't tell the difference.  I have never created a
WhatsApp group to conspire.
Damn,
I've never hurt anyone.  You too,
Antonio, huh?  You have to
drink too.  Come on, [ __ ],
[Music]
damn.  Great.  Have you ever noticed
that my girlfriend is a little obsessed with
feminism?  It attempts to be the standard-bearer of
this senseless movement.
Great.  Well, damn, the videos
in my area, but it's not that bad either.
Look, if he sees you with half a bottle of tequila,
that's not all.  I don't know.  Tommy, the
next thing is for you to make a video for being
horny.  You tell me.  And it is
evident that my, I think, have always been
orchestrated or are being
directed from above, but evidently
her mother, who seems to think it is
quite good and has no
problem with her daughter being famous and
going to the famous and being invited to the
angels and all that sort of thing and it seems that
every movement that is made or every video
or every response or every intervention that
the daughter herself makes is previously
agreed upon with the mother to try to make
the person she always is look bad
or to try to victimize herself as
always when the truth is that there are
rather few victims, the truth is very
few.  Great.  Now, I must
clarify that at that time there was not
much information about
Daniel's mistreatment towards.  Okay, there
was no information.  No, there wasn't, there
was no information.  Nobody made videos.
Okay, okay, okay.  Your pets as they
are now.  Dallas had controlled the
narrative and exploited
Miare's credibility to the fullest extent, announcing a
false accusation lawsuit that never
came.  However, Dallas was a
ticking time bomb and it was clear that he was
increasingly losing his mind and
defending him became difficult.  In 2021, there was a lot
of content, he infiltrated
the Rebor fandom with an account in which he
pretended to be a girl as a
troll.  The breaking point,
so to speak, the boot that
Ramolvas took, was when Shur created a
fake fan account in which he pretended to be a
Reborn fan and started
talking to Reborn fans to get to
know each other, right?  Testing the waters
as they say.  And so he found several
things.  The Shul did pretend to be
a person, but a fake one, with no last name or
anything, it was just for show.  This thing about
Uncle Shul, it was really
weird, really.  This is bad, but I
also don't understand why this is a
reason for a ban.  I mean, I don't understand
why that's a reason for a ban.  I mean,
the fact that I create a
multi-account and pretend to be a fan of
a YouTuber to post content is a
reason for a ban on Twitch.  I mean, I don't
understand what the logic is.
Maybe someone will tell me and I'll understand,
okay?  But I don't know why.  Yes, at
something like that for 16 years and that's it.  He did the
trolling and that was it.  At the time, he
received strong criticism for allegedly
recording interactions, some with
minors.  in order to create
content and which cost him a
15-day ban from Twitch for inciting
hatred.  The t has been banned for
hate speech.  He has been banned from
Twitch.  Do you know why he was banned?  You might
wonder.  The reason for the ban is
incitement of hatred.  14 days.  14 [ __ ]
days.  Who do you like more, Javi or Uncle
Shur?  It depends, it depends.  If I wake up
very sleepy, eh, I put Javi on because you
wake up.  Clear.  If I'm a little
chill, I put the guy south because he's more
Javi, what have we done to deserve this
punishment?  Strong face, strong crying face
.  Face crying loudly.  It's
quieter.  They are very different.  They do the
same thing, but they can give you a
totally different mood.  Hey, what
Fran said there is a real guinover
, huh?  A [ __ ], dude.  So,
Shigre moved on to a new form of content
where viewers were assured.  The
newscast without opinion, an
informative space about the latest
news from today's YouTubers.
Very good success.  The newscasts
were a [ __ ] success for Uncle Shur, the
bastard.  We try newscasts
on many occasions, right?  I mean, but
the guy found a formula there that
also created a new channel, abandoned the
main channel, you know?  And that also
helped a lot because the algorithm is like that,
man.  The [ __ ] YouTube algorithm.
Because I insist on the
main channel and keep it active and
fight for it, you know?  But YouTube is very,
the more monothematic your
content is and you benefit not only from the
content, but also from the format,
YouTube benefits new channels.  Yes, the
new channels, if suddenly it's a
new channel that has more momentum than
normal, I mean, for example,
imagine, I create a new channel and it happened to me
, man, I created the lollipop, it wasn't, it
wasn't the salsería, right?  The channel I
created, no, I deleted the channel,
right?  In the is like I uploaded the video there
and in the first few hours it didn't seem to have
many views, it was a channel that doesn't
have followers, but after a few hours
I see the graph, you know?  And it's like,
but here on my main channel it's the
other way around, you upload the video, it gets a
traction, then it goes down, then if the video
is well positioned, it starts getting
views, right?  And regarding the topics
I'm dealing with now on the
main channel, what happens is that they're not
topics that die after a few hours like
gossip.  Yes, Sara, I deleted it because
I don't like having so many channels and all,
right?  But he did very well.  The truth is
that it was a good success there.  I don't know
if it was his idea or if someone on his
team came up with it, but it was
a real success.  The formula was
perfect; no eloquence or
overwhelming charisma was required; simply report
the news about YouTubers and influencers.
Exactly.  And you don't mess with anyone,
you don't go against anyone.
Alright.  To be much more famous
without bias, although avoiding mentioning
Dallas as much as possible, since he was a
notary who wanted to distance himself from his
name and I don't blame him.  Nobody wants to be
associated with the
YouTube plague.  In 2024 he started a new
project, he said, well, there are no
channels that are dedicated solely to it.
Nobody wants to, I mean, Uncle Shur doesn't
want to be associated with Dallas
because he doesn't mention their topics like, but I do
n't even know how many gossip channels
are dedicated solely to Dallas.
Tulia, a space for colleagues commenting on the
gossip topics of the week, where my
beloved náter is the protagonist.  At this
point, it's worth mentioning that the relationship with
Javi had gone through several
tense moments, from harsh criticism
from Javier, man, you have no shame,
man.  You don't have to see.  Look, look, here I
am, eh, here I have my role,
man.  You have no shame.  You're a pig,
man.  You really are a pig.  I mean,
you're a pig, man.  You're a
[ __ ] sellout.  You don't see a turkey as a YouTuber,
or as a partner or anything, not eggs
as before anything.  And now, on top of that, man, you've
just proven you're a sellout.  Your
opinion, your judgment, and your stuff
count for absolutely nothing, man.
Even claims of what you see.  These are the
clicks that Uncle Shur gave me when
the fight happened.  So I said,
"Holy crap, yeah, I snuck in."  Something
the other guy doesn't know about
newscasts, Twitter,
news shorts, even the talk show itself.  It's
my turn, man.  Because it's
something, man.  Every single thing, man.  Damn,
Ivan the bot made me,
Ivan the bot made me, the kids' bot that
publishes all the videos on Twitter,
that publishes all the videos on
Twitter from all the channels and the
next day a cool bot on Twitter, man,
it's my turn at the moment when it's my turn, it
's a thing, a one-off thing.
Well, come on, another one.  Damn, [ __ ], this is
possible, I don't have the things, right?
But when one thing and another thing and another
thing touches the eyes.  The problem
with being a podcaster when you stream for
YouTubers is that each one has their own pod,
but it is valid as a pod.  Every
Thursday there are gossip TV shows, and that's what
we should do with the
gossip from the kids too.  That
's really cool, man.  So we
should do the same and have
him come and the treatment, for example, is uglier
there, man.  I was planning to say that on Thursday at
12 midnight we'll meet up with the
gossip crowd and have a chat about all the
topics I'm talking about.  Oh, look, Serena
found the podcast on Twitter, right?  That
is, I put this twin before the
talk with them.  I'm organizing a
gossip podcast with Uncle Shur
every Thursday.  There will be five of us and the
other three participants can rotate
each week.  I accept that any
gossip YouTubers who want to participate.  Yes,
what I proposed here was what I
thought was most logical, okay?  And that's
how I like to work, you
know?  I mean, one day I'll put together some
kind of discussion group
too, something like that, but my
goal is for them to come up.  Look, I'm not going to
open a discussion here and we're all, uh,
five Javi, five Javi Oliveira, all having the
same opinion.  Okay, they're letting me know on
WhatsApp that it is.  has now removed the
t-shirt thing from his link.  Well,
thank goodness.  Well, it was now.
For me, okay?  For me, I mean, the day
I do a chat, that I
feel like, right now I don't feel like it,
honestly, I don't have enough hours in the day, I mean,
right now I'm in a
psychological state where I'm going to blow up,
okay?  I'm going to blow up, eh, any day now my
wife is going to tell me to [ __ ] off,
eh, my father is going to tell me to [ __ ]
off, I mean, I'm parking with more than
one person can handle, okay?  And one
day I'm going to get sick, something's going to break down on me,
and I'm going to have to let go of things, okay?
No, you can't have three channels
working at full speed every day, do
you understand?  Plus a bunch of other
stuff I'm doing behind the scenes that
you guys don't know about, okay?  But the day
I feel like going out and doing one,
you need a vacation every month, tesa.  I
mean, that's it for me.  People say, "No, it
's that you're gone a lot, no, it's that I'm
working 24 hours a day."  So, to each his own,
okay?  I like it.  Boom.  Next week
I'm going to Italy.  I don't know if it's
next week or the week after.  Well, the
move, eh, the move.  When I organize
a discussion group like this, it will be so that
all kinds of contributors come forward
.  That is, not so that there are five
Javi Oliveiras here who give their opinions, so that we
all agree on the same opinion or
disagree a little.  No, no, no.
When I have a discussion here it's so
that I can go up, eh, so that eh, eh Dallas and
Ra Vale, when I have a discussion here it
's so that I can go up, Uncle Shur and
who am I telling you?  Channels that are
super haters of us, you know what I mean?
Super contrary.  That's how TV works and
that's how everything works, right?  I mean, it's not just the
four of us here who agree on
everything, you know?  Yes, yes, of course
the tataj comes up here.  Exactly.  Yes, yes,
totally.  But that's what
would succeed and that's what
people are asking for, you know?  For the
audience I demand, eh?  I don't
demand for the same audience that
creates the cake I demand.  For my part, it's
[ __ ] awesome, man, I think it's really cool.
Of course, no one has patented these
ideas, but the
timing of things is curious, to say the least, don't you think?  By the
way, don't miss my next
appearance on Los Descarados, a discussion group of
bad guys who don't show their faces.  A
couple of months ago, a small channel reported
that Uncle Shur had gotten three
strikes.  So, what Serene
did in the end is, eh, let's see, I want to
know, I would love to because of course,
what Serene did here is put, right?  What
when I got mad at Shur I
said to him, "[ __ ], are you copying this,
copying that, I don't know what, I don't know how much,
right? So now that I'm
right, now that they're against Uncle
Sur, well, they didn't give me the cold shoulder. I mean,
I want to see what
Pelucas and all these people said, right? About this
video, right? Because I remember when
I fought with Sur, they supported Shur.
Obviously, bad guys who don't show their
faces. A couple of months ago, a
small channel reported that Uncle Shur had
gotten three strikes. Uncle Shur from the
Shurne News channel and obviously Uncle Shur
has filed several
copyright claims against me. The user claimed
that he was reacting to a
Shur video, but that he was standing under the
Fus, because he commented, "They weren't standing
under the ferius, no [ __ ] way.  No
way.  No, no, no." He himself made
notes and gave his opinion.
However, Uncle Shur gave him three
strikes and yes, it wasn't one video, but
three copyright claims
. No, no, no, no, this is a lie. What
that channel did was, okay?,
take Uncle Shur's newscast,
react to it, let's call it that,
okay? And he would take it and add a thumbnail to the
reaction, he would even add a thumbnail,
okay? He would take Uncle Shur's thumbnail,
look, imagine. He would take
Uncle Shur's thumbnail and say, "Come on, one, because of
course, on top of that he would divide the reaction into
two or three parts, one, and he would upload the video
like this, but verbatim, uh, I mean, I'm not
exaggerating, verbatim, verbatim, two and
three.  Man, don't touch my
balls.  There comes a time when of
course he throws it away.  Ah, [ __ ].  This is how
we received a request for removal
due to copyright infringement
.  To give you an idea, the video
lasted 15, 20 minutes, at most 30,
well, my video lasted an hour and a
half, so my opinion gave
a lot of value to my video.  An
incredible value.  Come on.  That is, if we
analyze it, practically paying
copyright for clips that are not
theirs.  I mean, it's literally absurd.
Another thing is that you get the news.
Look, look, look, look.  Here it is.   He
puts it on top of it himself.  Look, look,
look, look.  One, two, look.  One, two, three, one
and five.  In five parts the guy
reacted to the news and now he
divided it into five parts and put here
five four three.  Do you see it?  With the same
thumbnail and all the videos with the
same duration so that people enter.
They think it's the news, boom, and
in they go.  Man, no.  What do you want me to
say?  No, Javi, did you see what happened with Stuttering?   I'm
talking about you in the discussion, saying that even if you
apologize, he wouldn't allow you to
come up, that they would have to remove him.  Yes, yes.
But they have to take it out, I
agree that they should take it out from time
to time, I do agree with that.  Here's
a screenshot of the five parts
of the video, according to what he claimed, for
having used its thumbnail and
copied the video title.  Strike
someone.  Oh, and the title.  And the title.
The title.  It's true.  The title too.
Man, don't touch my dick.  Man,
don't touch my dick.  And very proud,
but I'm poor.  Income.  Channel
with 11 subscribers, not monetized.  He took
my thumbnail, put it in his video, took
my title, copied it literally, put it at the
beginning and at the end where you can't see
anything, he put a reaction and it's one because he watches
my newscast in five parts and it has
more than enough camera or anything in the
background, just my newscast, my
thumbnail, my title and the Peruvian
reacting who speaks, well, that from time
to time and you can't see anything.  It's funny how I've
harshly criticized people in the past
who have called
Javi's blunders when
necessary.  Oh, they really make some
analogies as if they have something to do with each other, I
mean, it's literally the mentality of a clever
wig.  It's not that Shur can
never in his life call a strike because he has
criticized people who call
strikes.  Let's see, it depends on what strike, it
depends on what context.  What's not
normal is that you've supported and
criticized Dallas when he's
criticized other creators, okay?  And now you
're supporting Ricky when he
told me to do gymnastics that
music is copyrighted but
videos aren't.  I mean, it's all nonsense, okay?
No, no, no.  and that he is capable of carrying
more judgment for that, but it is not the same.
Man, please, if I see Ricky
giving a strike to a channel that is
re-uploading his live streams, well of course I
don't see the logic in giving him a strike.  I'm not
going to say to him, "Ah, hypocrite, you've
put in a strike."  And you complained about the
strikes.  No, man, it's not the same,
son.  They make some analogies that I
don't know if they really think like that,
right?  Edic gave him a strike to
use his music.  The truth is,
[ __ ], man, here I am, saying
that it's a shame that these terms are there
because Javi is going to need
Ricky.  It's likely that Ricky at some
point is that of course, it's different to
slap a dog in the face than to
slap it in the ass like that.  Javi literally like
that.  Ah, I'm beginning to hear
something about sel here.  Oh, damn, I had
opened the kit before and I have to watch
some video of it and if they are going to be
clear, they are going to be with the with the
sharp nails.  But without further ado, I come here
to see it, but the strikes
are always wrong, there is nothing else but yes.  In addition to
having publicly denounced when
Dallas gave him a strike.  The
worst part is that this situation
could have been resolved with a simple
message from Uncle Shur to the
creator asking him to make the
appropriate changes to the title and
thumbnail so as not to affect his own
audience.  But instead, he decided to
land just enough strikes to get
the channel shut down.  This screenshot is from my
Twitter chat with Uncle Shur, who
well, as you can see, we had no
messaging history, but I was the one
who took the first step, obviously because of what we
saw previously, I
sent him this message saying the
following, but well, he hasn't
responded to me and I don't think he's going to
respond to me after having eliminated
practically all traces of his
previous practices and without having
apologized to the women he went all
out for, Uncle Shur has a channel that
could be
truly prosperous, a
newscast with hand-picked news,
the discussion podcast and of course
the most important thing, social acceptance, he has
managed to get rid of the name Dallas
almost completely, although that doesn't mean he
is exempt from criticism.  Being
neutral also has its drawbacks.  He has
earned the nickname lukewarm because he
never gets wet.  He plays both sides,
doesn't have a strong opinion on anything, but
takes advantage of the popularity of
controversial topics.  The case of Dallas is the best
example, it is never criticized directly.  And
photos of their documents leading to
these alleged conversations
again, I repeat, compiled in photos
and videos.  Javi, how much would you charge for
Publ al Mejichango?  No matter how
much money they paid me, I would
n't send you, I have a certain affection for you, and
I would never send my followers to
watch a pedophilia channel.   He
prefers to say that it should be ignored,
as if the multiple attempts to
censor the scams, defamation, and
history of abuse were just a
prank by someone whose
agenda is crossed.  Yesterday we got
three.  Lisa, well, it stopped at
the second one, to be honest.  We've had
one and a half today.  We've been at it for a year and a half and it's
Friday and I have to record the last
video, uh, the last video that
Eclipse can edit because he's going on
vacation and I have to go now.  And
we're here with one and a half goals,
man.  The truth is that one and a
half goals, how much is it?  70 something super
chat.  I'm already used to three
objectives.  Matar looks at him.  I mean, this
turkey exists, but for me it doesn't exist.
He's dead.  And it can absolutely also
be very very cannot be
very harmful.
Imagine you're shooting and everyone ignores
bullets, but they completely ignore all
criticism, people on Twitter, everyone ignores
bullets.  What would happen if in a year or
two no one would talk about him anymore?  Most
likely.  However, he is
notoriously critical of people
who are being thrashed by
public opinion, such as Gemita,
and of all those who do take a
stand, but are outnumbered by him
.  Accounts that leak
exclusives on Twitter, the same ones he
himself then comments on in his videos.  But it
bothers him if these accounts talk about or
investigate Fran Cuesta or any of the
streamers he gets along with.  And
although their existence is criticized, the
truth is that the work done by many
of these Twitter accounts for
YouTubers is necessary, because if it
weren't for them, we wouldn't have
learned about all the irregularities
surrounding Fran Cuesta and so many other
saintly YouTubers who
constantly appeal to people's empathy
to avoid taking
responsibility for the lies or scams they've
committed.  And you can get angry at
the messengers, you can blame the
gossip accounts, the Twitter users, but
sometimes the problem is your
childhood idol and it's hard to accept that, of course, but it's
harder to keep pretending like nothing's wrong
.  No, I see it well, let
the son of a [ __ ] eat it.  Let's see, come on, here
I have another cameo.  I
really think that whitewashing Rae has
numbers, it doesn't matter if you repeat
other people's formulas, if you copy formats or if you don't
contribute anything new.  As long as you accumulate
views you can test the flag of O
sea, but then Serene is just a kid
in the end.  I don't understand why Serene
is accusing Uncle Shur
of copying me, not of wanting to be Javi
Oliveira.  It would be worth it in the end
because of course, now being successful is equivalent
to having numbers.  It doesn't matter if you repeat
other people's formulas, copy formats, or
don't contribute anything new.  As long as you're racking up
views, you can wave the flag of
morality with all your might and believe yourself to be
YouTube's ethical beacon.  But it's careful, careful,
careful.  Look what they're sending me.   I'm
not going to tell you who it is.  Okay, the Stutterer is going to
freak out saying that Cell
beat you, quite the opposite.  What happened
was that Cell was kind to you and you
felt sorry for the kid, right?  The cake for the
impact of the discussion went
up.  If not, I would remain silent and not
have said anything about you.  What a coincidence,
right with the fame of the gathering.  This is what
happens to the South and to them for having
given importance and validity to Serene and
the accounts like the wig.  Yes, eh,
I told Uncle Shur and I
told you here.  This is and is not because, for
example, Stuttering did
n't start attacking me at the
beginning of the discussion, as I've already said, he was
defending me from something, that is, he
got angry afterwards
retroactively.  Yes, but look, Uncle
Shun has never been much of a Serene fan, has he?
Uncle Shun has never been.  I do
blame them for having given the ball, eh, to the
bad ones.  They have given the bad guys
a lot of attention, they mention them.  It's
true that my titles are original and
have a bit of dark humor, but
what about yours?  Hey, let's
see.  And these are real titles.
Yuya porn video, beautiful moon woman from
gameplay, intimate photos of Brittany,
Vivian Cepeda from porn to Photoshop.
Come on, who wants to sell
sex here?
Okay, guys,
[Music]